In Hosogawa-tei, there are two things.
The first is to put an old man in the god's seat, and a young man in the god's seat.
The other is to make the empty paper open and close.
There are many fires in the big shibachi.
The fire is made of metal.
The fire was made of metal, so that it could not be disturbed.
Yoshida Chuzae-mon and Horibe Yabe were old friends.
When they were sleeping, they were lying down side by side, with their pillows on the floor.
They were sleeping together, so that they could talk.
When Yoshida was sleeping...
What was your mood?
Did you get excited?
I was sleeping, but I woke up with the mood of the present.
I see.
When I sleep, I dream of the dream of cutting the fourteen days into pieces, and cutting them into pieces with the scabbard.
You are still dreaming, so you must be excited to cut them into pieces.
I see.
When Yoshida is sleeping...
What?
Horibe, don't worry.
When I am sleeping, I wake up with the spirit of cutting the four days into pieces.
I know that I am not cutting them into pieces.
I am sleeping, and I am excited to cut them into pieces in my dreams.
Don't wake me up.
I am sleepy when I am woken up.
That's what I am saying.
You are used to it.
When you are sleeping, you are not woken up by Yoshida.
Then...
Yoshida's head is...
Ouch!
Horibe, it's a dream.
No, it's not a dream.
You are coming with one of your hands.
I see.
I am usually woken up by cutting the four days into pieces.
Tonight, I am woken up by cutting the four days into pieces.
That's my head.
Even if someone asked me to sleep, I didn't want to sleep next to Horibe.
The book is written by the writer Fujimoto Nichinan.
It is true that a person who is awake is sleeping.
That is later.
The head of the Tsukemen, Kobayashi Heihachiro, is in a state of emergency.
He is preparing for a party with the people of the mansion.
If you look outside from this gap, the night of the 14th is a good moon night.
During the day, the snow stops and falls on the roof.
The moon is shining on the snow in the roof and garden.
In the afternoon, I saw a person with a half-doll in the furnace.